I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa Pig.
Hiccups!
Peppa, George, Mummy and Daddy
are having breakfast.
It is a Iovely, sunny day,
and Peppa and George can't Wait
to go into the garden to play.
Mummy, please,
can We go out to play?
You can go out to play
When you finish your breakfast.
George! Don't drink
your juice too quickly!
George drank his juice too quickly,
and now he has hiccups.
Can We go out to play now,
Mummy?
Not While George has hiccups.
But George's hiccups
have gone, Mummy.
Haven't they, George?
Oh, alright, you can
go out and play.
But look after George.
Peppa and George love
playing in the garden.
George. I'm going to throw the ball,
and then you have to catch it.
George, please stop hiccupping!
George! Now you
throw the ball to me,
and I have to catch it.
George!
Oh, dear, George's hiccups
are spoiling the game.
George... I know
how to cure hiccups!
You have to do What I say.
Rub the top of your head
and rub your tummy!
Good! Now your hiccups
have gone!
Peppa's cure for hiccups
doesn't seem to have Worked.
George! You have
done it all Wrong!
I know a better Way
to cure hiccups!
First, jump up and down
three times... on one leg!
Now... Wave your arms
up and down
and stick your tongue out!
... And now...
close your eyes,
and turn around quickly,
three times!
Peppa's new cure hasn't Worked, either.
George still has hiccups.
I know!
To cure hiccups, the ill piggy
must be given a shock!
George, I'm going to scare you.
But you must remember,
it's only a game and
it Will stop your hiccups.
Remember, this is
just pretend scaring.
Waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
Peppa! You mustn't
play so roughly With George!
He's only little.
Sorry, Mummy.
I Was just trying to stop
George's hiccups.
George's hiccups have gone!
Here comes Daddy Pig,
With two beakers of juice.
George! lf you drink too quickly,
you Will get hiccups again!
I'm not as little as George.
I can drink juice
as quickly as I Want to!
I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.